# QR SNAP AND FACEBOOK PIXEL INTERGRATION
Qr Snap is deeply tied into the Facebook Pixel and Ads eco system. This is an extremely important aspect of the QR Snap redirection services. With each scan your business is building a an audience with one major thing in common; the customer was very likely to be physically present at your store. This is important because your business can remarket ads to these visitors with an extremely high level of accuracy. With additional effort your store can even create pixels for individual product segments.

- ***Example 1:* (Car Dealership)**
A potential customer visits your dealership and looks around for a bit but isn’t immediately helped by the sales staff since it’s quite busy. This customer sees a used car he likes and wants some more information about the price of the vehicle and scans the QR Snap tag on the vehicle. He is presented with what appears as a well-designed and simple loading screen from your dealership. Underneath the surface though the loading screen just launched a Facebook Pixel on the buyers device and pinged Facebook that your business had a customer scan. This is all done behind the scenes and is transparent to the customer. This customer is now able to be targeted by your business with Facebook Ads. Back to the scenario though. Your potential customer ends up getting ahold of a salesman and takes a test drive in the used car but just doesn’t quite dig it. He walks away from your lot without a purchase. Your dealership is already running ads for used cars on Facebook and since Facebook now knows to target your prospective customer with sponsored ads immediately. It doesn’t matter now if your prospect is if they are on their iPad, iPhone, or desktop computer. They are now being delivered your advertisements multiple times a day.
